Okay, what is the call?
Luoyang, don't believe a word of the document he gave you.
I see, you were sent by several companies to come here to talk to each other, right?
Come here, drag him here for me and get him on the ticket!
Shinto, I'm not, it's really not like me, you let him go!
Oops, I'm here to protect you,
You go back to the company!
Everyone, the villain, is coming back
Look, I'm the only one you trust
The essence hasn’t arrived yet.
What don't I dare to do?
You wouldn’t really think that Linfeng’s boy
Can you really mean it?
My dad is worried that you will say it again
I'm not afraid
You know who my dad is when you sleep with him
Just say I'm lost and go away